# description of my work and use case

My work was aimed to build a web application which should display the live consumption of a user, this would include gas, water and electricity. The database consists of a counter table, which has the counter ID, the count, the counter type and the date as entities,  a Daily consumption table which has the counter ID as foreign key, the consumption key as primary key, the consumption day and the counts saved in an array. The database also has a Weekly, monthly and yearly consumption table which has the same entities with the same types. The data flow starts at the sensor which sends the livecount from the sensor to the database every few minutes where it is saved in a table, where each counter has one table which is getting updated when the data from the sensor is received. From there every hour a function is executed which checks if the current day already has a related table and if not creates a table and if there is a table existing it pushes the live count to the count entity off the table so each daily consumption table should have 24 items on the count entity. Every day a function is executed which checks the same for the for the weekly consumption table and pushes the record of the day to the array of the count entity so that every weekly consumption table should have 7 items at the end of the week. The same is happening for the monthly consumption table and for the yearly consumption table every this is executed every month. This structure of the database shows some redundancy but makes it very easy to read.
